In the final project, a few changes were made. One of the changes is that users can log in with their GitHub account, instead of their Twitter account. Login users can see their daily stock recommendations, based on popular stocks related tweets. Another change was that we weren't able to allow users to change the password as many times as they wish. We used the GitHub account for login, so they will be able to change their password through Github. We also weren't able to implement the profiles, where users could save recommendations or the components that would make the profile functional. 

In terms of the overall functionality of the web app. Users can search for stocks without login in. They can use the stock symbol or name associated with the stock. If they want to get a recommendation, they need to log in with their GitHub account to access our recommendation. Our app will provide daily recommendations based on hottest debated stock in twitter. It will store the daily recommendation in database as an object that will increase the performance significantly. Our app only need to extract the infromation from twitter once per day to built an stock recommendation object. This call will be make when a user first request recommendation for that day. Any request after the initial request will directly utilize object in database to facilitate the performance and avoid limitation of tweets retrive set by twitter. After receiving the recommendation, users can utilize our search function to get some information about that stock and get a link to third party website to learn more information.

For high-level requirements:
1. we use sqlite3 database to store recommendation information to enhance performance.
2. The public API we utilize is Twitter API (tweepy) and Yfinance API. 
3. We also use a third-party authentication by Github. User need to login to Github before they can use our app, but the search function is free for all. 
4. It have decoupled architecture, different layer use different language. JavaScript in the front end, and Python in the backend.

